README.md, before:

# Mern-project-part-A

## Description

### Purpose

As Australia enters a covid-normal environment, the restaurant industry has to adapt to continue to succeed. It is essential that a business has online and contactless ordering capabilities. This MERN stack application seeks to makes it easy for business operators to interact with content and data. It will provide a seamless experience for customers to engage with and a powerful business and marketing platform for restaurant operators. 

### Functionality / features

- Content management system (Admin UI)
  - Image upload 
  - Transaction management
  - Products Management(CRUD)
  - Authentication/AUthorisation
  - The application contains an admin ui for business operators to edit and manipulate content without touching code. It will support admin authentication which direct user to dashboard. The dashboard has image upload for gallery carousel and menu, tab to manage incoming orders and create, edit and deleting of menu items. 
  
- Ordering and payment system (Stripe and Paypal API)
  - Allows for ordering and payment from within the application 
  - Allows customer to use Paypal or credit/debit card for payment 
  - Transaction is sent to Admin ui
  
- Contact form 
  - Direct way to contact the business 

- google analytics ???
- maps API 


### Target audience

Cafes and restaurants who need to have a up to date application that can handle the current business environment. Operators who want a app that can handle all key business functions so it can abide by covid protocols. 

### Tech stack

#### App

- MongoDB
- ExpressJS
- React
- NodeJS
  
#### CMS

- KeystoneJS
  
#### Deployment

- Heroku (backend) 
- Netlify (frontend) 
  
### Wireframes and Diagrams

- Adobe Xd
- Balsamiq
- Lucid Charts
  
### Styling

- SCSS
- Bootstrap


## Dataflow Diagram



## Application Architecture Diagram



## User Stories

### Content management system (Admin UI)
- As an admin I want to be able to 
  - see and edit all website content from one place, so it is easier to manage
  - 


### Ordering and payment system (Stripe and Paypal API)
### Contact form 
### social media integration
### Authorisation



## Wireframes

### Mobile

### Tablet

### Desktop



## Screenshots

Commit message:

Add user stories and edit features

README.md, after:

# Mern-project-part-A

## Description

### Purpose

As Australia enters a covid-normal environment, the restaurant industry has to adapt to continue to succeed. It is essential that a business has online and contactless ordering capabilities. This MERN stack application seeks to makes it easy for business operators to interact with content and data. It will provide a seamless experience for customers to engage with and be a powerful business and marketing platform for restaurant operators. 

### Functionality / features

- Content management system (Admin UI)
  - Image upload 
  - Transaction management
  - Products Management(CRUD)
  - Authentication/AUthorisation
  - The application contains an admin ui for business operators to edit and manipulate content without touching code. It will support admin authentication which direct user to dashboard. The dashboard has image upload for gallery carousel and menu, tab to manage incoming orders and create, edit and deleting of menu items. 
  
- Payment system (Stripe and Paypal API)
  - Allows for ordering and payment from within the application 
  - Allows customer to use Paypal or credit/debit card for payment 
  - Transaction is sent to Admin ui
  
- Online ordering
  - View list of menu items, grouped by categories
  - Filterable dietary requirements
  - Cart functionality
  

#### Nice to have feature
- Google analytics 
- Maps API 
- search function for ordering


### Target audience

Cafes and restaurants who need to have a up to date application that can handle the current business environment. Operators who want a app that can handle all key business functions so it can abide by covid protocols. 

### Tech stack

#### App

- MongoDB
- ExpressJS
- React
- NodeJS
  
#### CMS

- KeystoneJS
  
#### Deployment

- Heroku (backend) 
- Netlify (frontend) 
  
### Wireframes and Diagrams

- Adobe Xd
- Balsamiq
- Lucid Charts
  
### Styling

- SCSS
- Bootstrap


## Dataflow Diagram



## Application Architecture Diagram



## User Stories

### Content management system (Admin UI)

- As an admin I want to be able to 
  - see and edit all website content from one place, so it is easier to manage
  - quickly add, edit and remove menu items so the website will be up to date
  - see orders that are coming through so I can sent the orders to the kitchen
  - upload pictures for the menu items so the products seem more appetising

### Payment system (Stripe and Paypal API)

- As a user I want to be able to
  - add wanted products into a cart so it can be ready for purchase
  - use Paypal for the transaction as it is a popular service for payment
  - send the receipt to my email so I can have a proof of purchase


### Online ordering 

- As a customer I want to be able to
  - contact the business on website so I can easily send some inquiries
  - browse through a menu quickly so I can expeditiously make my decision 
  - filter the ordering selections so I can browse items that fit my dietary requirement
  - Add special requests upon checkout so I fulfil my culinary experience
  

## Wireframes

### Mobile

### Tablet

### Desktop



## Screenshots
